where'd those Dinks picks oh no foxy
foxy chram Oh foxy foxy grandpa Pookie
showers in the daylight as he takes
baths at nights
foxy grandpa foxy grandpa he wakes up in
the morning and puts clothes on takes
foxy grandpa foxy grandpa
fuck sacrum oh he looks at little
children and gives them afraid to foxy
Crum oh fuck sake comfo little Jimmy
lost his ball and goes to get it
he stops because it's in the yarn on the
foxy grandpa stock sacrum bone it goes
to the park to watch the kids labours
foxy oh fuck sacrum all right foxes
Lange Oh Fox a thing laughing come on
pocketing there Fox sacrum
foxi combo box it come off foxy come
public fancy grandpa